J Term - Update 1

Bernard Brown
Business Dashboard

Found a way to log into all of my accounts via a new selenium chrome browser session.
Details:
To access all of my information such as my sales, instagram, email list, and website data, one has to be logged into the account. 
With selenium when you launch a new chrome browser it does not load any of your chrome browser cookies, because it is a brand new 
session. Therefore I tried the following methods and choose method 3 as my primary procedure to login.
●	Method 1: The first thing I tried to access my account was to log in via selenium’s send_keys built in function. I would have the 
script navigate the browser to the desired website and then access the login page. You just need to locate the element(login field) 
and then click on the element, at that point I was able to use the function to type the user name, once the username was type I sent 
the TAB key to drop down into the password field and send the password. The final step was hitting the enter key or clicking on the 
login item. 
Note: This method of accessing my account information is tedious because I need to write new code for each login function because 
every website has different html tags and classes.
●	Method 2: After using method 1 for a while Instagram suspended my account for a couple of hours due to the amount of times I logged 
in while debugging and building my code. This made me think of a different potential method, saving and loading cookies. I made this 
work with Pythons pickle library and saved the cookies after the first login, and reloaded them each time I ran my script which 
eliminated the login process after the first time. 
Note: This method was great, but resulted in multiple cookie files that had to be loaded each time I ran my script, and if I want to 
add another website to scrape data off I would need to build another load_cookies and save_cookies functions specific for that 
website. While doing research I came upon method 3... 
●	Method 3: This is the primary method of logging into my accounts that I use in my project. Under the webdriver.ChromeOptions() 
you can add_argument and supply the Chrome browser with the local directory of all your saved Chrome cookies and directly load 
all of your cookies into the application. That way you are logged into all of your accounts automatically. 

The following sources are the ones I plan to scrape data from:
●	Amazon Seller
●	Instagram
●	Facebook
●	MailChimp
●	Google Analytics

I then built the automated solution of gathering the data from each source by using selenium to cycle through and grab the correct 
data corresponding the the html expaths I described.

I then inserted all of the data in a mysql local database, so that everytime I run my application it stores the data. 

I then built a function to retrieve the data from the sql database and store it as a local variable in Python.

I then built the graphing functions by using Pandas.
